My brother went to a secret party and had a very strange experience, where according to him, "all the kids were definitely disciplined". He found the way they conducted themselves very humourous.
Sleeping at night seems to almost always guarantee that I will immediately remember all the embarrassing moments in the past. I always wondered if it happens to everyone or just me.
Never in a thousand millennium did Sarah think that her mischievous little brother would have their dear father's personal memento in his possession. She'd be very disappointed if he lost it.
Tom's neighbour had a very curious robot toy that would occasionally talk in rhymes. It doesn't seem to follow any schedule but it does talk a lot when the vacuum is one!
The Olympic games have around 205 countries participating and first started in 1896. In the 18 editions that the United States have participated in, they have won the Olympics basketball 14 times!
Even though there are over 400,000 different species of plants on Earth, only an estimated 80,000 to 300,000 plants are safe for humans to eat. Despite that, we only eat about 200 of the edible plants.
Did you know that the world record for farthest arrow shot using feet was achieved on March 31, 2018? It flew for 40 feet and 4.64 inches or 1230.98 centimeters.
On July the 7th, 2018, Joel Strasser broke the record for the most toothpick in a beard. He took 3 hours and 13 minutes to put 3,500 toothpicks into his beard. The previous record was 3,157 toothpicks.
World War I started on July 28, 1914, and ended on November 11, 1918. It took over 4 years for it to end. World War II started on September 1, 1939, and ended on September 2, 1945, lasting whole years.
During infection a phage attaches to a bacterium and inserts its genetic material into the cell.
Deoxyribonucleic acid (abbreviated DNA) is the molecule that carries genetic information for the development and functioning of an organism. DNA is made of two linked strands that wind around each other to resemble a twisted ladder a shape known as a double helix.
Betelgeuse is a red supergiant star with a distinctive orange-red hue. 
Stars in this class are nearing the end of their lives. 
They are the largest stars in the universe because they puff up and expand out into space in their old age.
ChatGPT can compose essays, describe art in great detail, create AI art prompts, have philosophical conversations, and even code for you. 
My personal favorite use is asking the chatbot for help creating basic lists, such as packing, grocery, and to-do lists to make my daily life more productive.
Bootstrap is a free, open source front-end development framework for the creation of websites and web apps. 
Designed to enable responsive development of mobile-first websites, Bootstrap provides a collection of syntax for template designs.
LastPass is a trustworthy company, and they have fixed most of the security flaws in their product.
So, as long as you don't reuse your passwords and follow the best practices when creating passwords, you should be in the clear.
Tesla, Inc is an American multinational automotive and clean energy company headquartered in Austin, Texas. 
Tesla designs and manufactures electric vehicles, battery energy storage from home to grid-scale, solar panels and solar roof tiles, and related products and services.
Quite literally, the term "philosophy" means, "love of wisdom" In a broad sense, philosophy is an activity people undertake when they seek to understand fundamental truths about themselves, the world in which they live, and their relationships to the world and to each other.
The placebo effect is when a person's physical or mental health appears to improve after taking a placebo or 'dummy' treatment. 
Placebo is Latin for 'I will please' and refers to a treatment that appears real, but is designed to have no therapeutic benefit.
Love is an intense, deep affection for another person. 
Love also means to feel this intense affection for someone. 
Love can also refer to a strong like for something or to like something a lot.